The Kount RIS PHP SDK is released under the following license:

Copyright (c) 2017 KOUNT, INC.

SDK LICENSE

NOTICE TO USER:  Kount, Inc. is providing the Software and Documentation for use under the terms of
this Agreement. Any use, reproduction, modification, or distribution of the Software or
Documentation, or any derivatives or portions hereof, constitutes your acceptance of this Agreement.

As used in this Agreement, "Kount" means Kount, Inc. and its affiliates. "Software" means the
software code accompanying this agreement. "Documentation" means the documents, specifications, and
all other items accompanying this Agreement other than the Software.

1. LICENSE GRANT Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Kount hereby grants you a non-exclusive,
worldwide, royalty free license to use the Software for performing calls to Kount’s Risk Inquiry
Service. Furthermore, you must comply with all third party licenses in order to use the third party
software contained in the Software.

Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Kount hereby grants you a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty
free license to use the Documentation for performing calls to Kount’s Risk Inquiry Service.  You may
not modify the Documentation.

No title to the intellectual property in the Software or Documentation is transferred to you under
the terms of this Agreement. You do not acquire any rights to the Software or the Documentation
except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.

You may not distribute the Software in any products, whether commercial or otherwise. By using the
Software and Documentation you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Kount and its agents,
principles, directors, affiliates, and employees against any losses, damages and costs arising from
the claims, lawsuits, or other legal actions arising out of your use of the Software or
Documentation. Additionally, you may not distribute the Software in object code form under any
circumstances.

2. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY KOUNT LICENSES THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION TO YOU ONLY ON AN "AS IS"
BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. KOUNT MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL BE ERROR-FREE.
Each user of the Software or Documentation is solely responsible for determining the appropriateness
of using the Software and Documentation and assumes all risks associated with its exercise of rights
under this Agreement, including but not limited to the risks and costs of program errors, compliance
with applicable laws, damage to or loss of data, programs, or equipment, and unavailability or
interruption of operations. Use of the Software and Documentation is made with the understanding
that Kount will not provide you with any technical or customer support or maintenance unless
expressly agreed to in a separate agreement with Kount.

3. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY KOUNT SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF THIS
AGREEMENT OR FROM THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION. IN NO EVENT WILL KOUNT BE LIABLE TO YOU
OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING
LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, COSTS, FEES, OR EXPENSES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF ANY PROVISION OF
THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION, HOWEVER CAUSED AND
UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. KOUNT'S AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER
OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE AND
DOCUMENTATION.

4. TRADEMARK USAGE Kount is a trademark Kount, Inc. in the United States and other countries. Such
trademarks may not be used to endorse or promote any product unless expressly permitted under
separate agreement with Kount.

5.  TERM Your rights under this Agreement shall terminate if you fail to comply with any of the
material terms or conditions of this Agreement and do not cure such failure in a reasonable period
of time after becoming aware of such noncompliance. If all your rights under this Agreement
terminate, you agree to cease use and distribution of the Software and Documentation immediately.

6. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION.  This Agreement is governed by the statutes and laws of the State
of Idaho, without regard to the conflicts of law principles thereof. If any part of this Agreement
is found void and unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of the balance of the Agreement,
which shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms. Any dispute arising out of or
related to this Agreement shall be brought in the courts located in Boise, Idaho, USA.
